what is going on son
first stronghold I mean a abandoned
mineshaft see what am I talking about
abandoned mineshaft see guys possibly
the first ever discovered in 0.9.0
Pocket Edition this this was actually
founded by find or found yeah yeah
founded by Brian bass 17 so go check it
out guys this is possibly the first seed
ever found for Pocket Edition that that
contains or discovered to be contained a
abandoned mineshaft so go check it out
guys the seed is the best all capital
letters and I'll I'll make up tutorial
on how to get to it it's actually a
really weird way to get to it I think I
might have forgotten already but I'll
show you guys anyways or at least I'll
try but um as you can see I'm getting
pretty far with this abandoned mineshaft
this is this is gonna take me long ways
so this is gonna be awesome I really
want to discover this mineshaft so badly
oh my gosh guys abandoned mineshaft in
Minecraft Pocket Edition isn't that just
exciting that's just really exciting for
me I don't know why but it just is for
some freaking dang reason it's just
super exciting guys super duper duper
exciting what do you guys think about
this are you guys excited for this whole
stronghold thing
but anyways guys I'll leave the link
where I found this seed and oh where is
this leading me down to I don't really
want to spoil everything but guys I'm
just super excited and it'll also lead
you to emeralds yes yes guys on this
strong I mean this abandoned mineshaft
will take you to many different many
different pathways so I'm gonna show you
guys how to get there so let me go ahead
and quit the title